1.  C Program to Check if a given String is Palindrome 
2.  C Program to read two Strings & Concatenate the Strings 
3.  C Program to Replace Lowercase Characters by Uppercase & Vice-Versa 
4.  C Program to Count the Number of Vowels & Consonants in a Sentence 
5.  C Program to Check if the Substring is present in the given String 
6.  C Program to Accepts two Strings & Compare them 
7.  C Program to Find the Length of a String without using the Built-in Function 
8.  C Program to Check if a String is a Palindrome without using the Built-in Function 
9.  C Program to Find the Frequency of the Word ‘the’ in a given Sentence 
10.  C Program to Read a String and find the Sum of all Digits in the String 
11.  C Program to Reverse the String using Recursion
12.  C Program to Copy One String to Another using Recursion
13.  C Program to find the First Capital Letter in a String using Recursion
14.  C Program to find the First Capital Letter in a String without using Recursion
15.  C Program to Check whether a given String is Palindrome or not using Recursion
16.  C Program to Check whether two Strings are Anagrams
17.  C Program to Count the Occurence of a Substring in String 
18.  C Program to Remove given Word from a String 
19.  C Program to Find Highest Frequency Character in a String 
20.  C Program to Display every possible Combination of two Words or Strings from the input Strings 
without Repeated Combinations 
21.  C Program to Reverse every Word of given String 
22.  C Program to List All Lines containing a given String 
23.  C Program to Concatenate two Strings Lexically 
24.  C Program to Print the Words Ending with Letter S 
25.  C Program to Find the Sum of ASCII values of All Characters in a given String 
26.  C Program to find Longer Repeating Sequence 
27.  C Program to Replace all the Characters by Lowercase 
28.  C Program to Count the Total Number of Words in the Sentence using Command Line Argument 
29.  C Program to Insert Character/Word in any Desired Location in a String 
30.  C Program to Find the First Occurence of the any Character of String2 in String1 
31.  C Program to Implement Regular Expression Matching 
32.  C Program to Implement strpbrk() Function 
33.  C Program to Sort the String and Repeated Characters should be present only Once 
34.  C Program to Find the Length of the Longest Repeating Sequence in a String 
35.  C Program to Count the Number of Unique Words 
36.  C Program to find the possible subsets of the String 
37.  C Program to Search a Word & Replace it with the Specified Word 
38.  C Program to find First and Last Occurrence of given Character in a String 
39.  C Program to Display the Characters in Prime Position a given String 
40.  C Program to Find All Possible Subsets of given Length in String 
41.  C Program to Delete All Repeated Words in String 
42.  C Program to Count Number of Words in a given Text Or Sentence 
43.  C Program to Find the Frequency of Substring in the given String 
44.  C Program to Find the Frequency of Every Word in a given String 
45.  C Program to Sort Word in String 
46.  C Program To Print Smallest and Biggest possible Word which is Palindrome in a given String 
47.  C Program to Print Combination of two Words of two given Strings without any Repetition 
48.  C Program to Sort String Ignoring Whitespaces and Repeating Characters Only Once 
49.  C Program to Reverse the String using Both Recursion and Iteration 
50.  C Program to Display Every Possible Combination of Two Words from the given 2 String without 
displaying Repeated Combinations 
51.  C Program to Accept 2 String & check whether all Characters in first String is Present in second 
String & Print 
52.  C Program to Check whether a given Character is present in a String, Find Frequency & Position of Occurrence 
53.  C Program to Count the Number of Occurrence of each Character Ignoring the Case of Alphabets 
Display them 
54.  C Program to Count the Occurrences of each C Keyword using Array Structure 
55.  C Program to Determine if One String is a Circular Permutation of Another String
56.  C Program to Find the Consecutive Occurrence of any Vowel in a String 
57.  C Program to Find the Largest & Smallest Word in a String 
58.  C Program to Find the Most/Least Repeated Character in the String 
59.  C Program to Implement the KMP Pattern Searching Algorithm 
60.  C Program to Input 2 Binary Strings and Print their Binary Sum 
61.  C Program to Input a String with at least one Number, Print the Square of all the Numbers in a 
string 
62.  C Program to Remove all Characters in Second String which are present in First String 
63.  C Program which Converts an Integer to String & vice-versa 
64.  C program that takes input as 2323 and gives output as 2332. ie. the new number should be 
greater than the previous number but should have the same digits